Reorganize upgrading guide around Kotlin 2.1 and JSpecify for clarity (#33499)
gradle/gradle: platforms/documentation/docs/src/docs/userguide/releases/upgrading/upgrading_version_8.adoc

For details, see the Kotlin 2.1 release notes.

Due to changes in how the Kotlin 2 compiler handles script compilation, you can no longer refer to the script instance using labels like `this@Build_gradle`, `this@Settings_gradle`, or `this@Init_gradle`.
When this was used to reference the DSL script target object, then use it directly instead: `project`, `settings` and `gradle` respectively.
When this was used to reference a top-level symbol that happens to have the same name of a nested symbol, then use a different name, possibly by adding an intermediary variable.

> Continue reading the link:#jspecify[JSpecify section] below to learn about potential breaking changes in Kotlin build logic code related to nullability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Read the link:#jspecify[JSpecify section] below to learn about potential breaking changes in Kotlin build logic code related to nullability.
```
